-Previously on "Shut Eye"...
- I need to get some property
from my safe deposit box.
- Be right back.
- Don't go anywhere.
- Where's Gina?
- 2412 Craig Street, then LAX.
- She told me to tell you
no hard feelings.
- Which one of these pricks
wants to kill me?
- They all want to kill you.
[ Gunshots ]
-I knew you'd expose the Judas.
-Fuck you!
- I know from where
the poison springs.
-You should leave him.
- To this end,
I decree a marriage
between Fonso's eldest, Drina,
and White Tony's son,
Little Tony.
Let the peace begin.
- Hello!
White Tony sent us
to do the install.
- What the hell
are you talking about?
- Security cameras
in your office.
- You work for White Tony now.
- I'm not doing this.
- It's sweet that you think
you got a choice in the matter.
-We found Emma's phone.
It died on a bus in Bakersfield,
but we got Emma's text login,
and you sent her a message,
"Sorry."
What was it that you had
to be sorry about?
- I miss her!
- Emma's dead.
They found her buried
in the Angeles Crest Mountains.
- Your boy and two friends
were up in the woods.
Booze, weed.
- [ Retches ]
- There'll be a court date
and a fine.
- Don't forget your passport.
- Who the fuck are you?
-I'll pack it for you.
- I saw an opportunity
and I took it.
-What would I do?
- I'm having these visions.
- What's wrong?
-I can see the future, Linda.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Birds chirping ]
- First day off suspension,
you should be on time.
An "I fucked up"
expression also helps.
-I think I have the flu.
- You got a hangover.
Come on, let's go.
- Am I supposed to just get up
and go to school
and act like
none of this ever happened?
- That's a survival skill
I learned
when I was younger than you.
Sometimes the next day's
all you got.
In and out of the shower
as fast as you can, okay?
We'll be out of here in 15.
-[ Sighs ]
-Morning, Paul.
-Mrs. Davies.
-Okay, you're gonna laugh,
but the Protestant in me
is feeling guilty
about having all that money
that I withdrew
sitting in
the safety deposit box.
So I'd like to put it back
in my account.
Something wrong?
- You picked that
money up yesterday.
- What?
No, I didn't.
-Yeah.
You came in with your assistant
and had me open the box
so you could get the money.
- What assistant?
- You said her name was Laurie.
- Paul,
I don't have an assistant.
What is going on here?
Oh, my God.
What have you done
with my money?
- I thought this might be nice
for the wedding.
- Probably best to keep it
in the box.
- It's because of Drina, right?
- Yeah.
She doesn't have the same
wedding fuzzies you do.
-Yeah.
-You're welcome, by the way.
-About what?
- The $1.7 million
I just gifted you.
-What happened to the hypnotist?
-Uh...
I took care of it.
-Why didn't you talk to me?
- Well, I don't need
your permission.
-But this is a family business.
-Which I'm in charge of.
-But you do not do murder...
I mean, sometimes,
but this is not our way.
-Yeah, well, it's my way.
And it works for me.
-What did you do to her?
[ "Sweet Madelene" by The Bright
Light Social Hour plays ]
[ Dogs barking ]
-♫ Space is still the place ♫
♫ The weight of weightless faces
faces straight ♫
♫ Faces straight ♫
-[ Grunts ]
- ♫ Our dreams
are lies replaced ♫
♫ We reach out past the trace
until it's gone ♫
♫ Until it's gone ♫
[ Mobile playing ]
[ Baby crying ]
♫♫
-♫ She said careful ♫
♫ Always careful ♫
♫ Stay close and stay prepared ♫
♫ One slip and you are theirs ♫
♫ You gotta walk ♫
- ♫ Walk on well-lighted
streets ♫
- ♫ Look twice at
everyone I meet ♫
- How is he?
- He's fine.
School's the best place for him.
-[ Sighs ]
-How are you?
-She's in there.
- You...
You brought her in the house?
- Well, I can't very well drag
her out in the middle of the day
and stuff her
in the back of my trunk.
I called Eduardo.
He's coming.
What was your plan, exactly?
You'd go after Nadine,
and then what?
You and Little Miss Sunshine
would sail off to
a tropical paradise,
abandon your son,
leave me holding the bag
with Fonso?
Was that it?
Was that your plan?
But you got played.
You let somebody else
handle the money.
It's fucking amateur hour.
[ Doorbell rings ]
That's Eduardo.
-[ Sighs ]
-Hey, hey.
[ Door closes ]
- What was all that bullshit
about last night?
-It's pretty clear.
Fonso just wants
his property back.
- He's got a funny way
of showing it.
-He's a funny man.
- [ Laughs ]
I won't lie, though.
That was pretty sweet
when you decked him.
-[ Laughs ]
- Even though he is about
to be part of the family.
This fucking wedding,
costing me a fortune.
Okay, for starters,
I have to rent out the place
for the whole fucking weekend.
- Mm.
- Right?
And then throw in the live band,
all the food and beverage,
tux rentals,
not to mention two dozen cousins
that I got to fly
in from overseas.
- Sounds like a hell of a party.
- You got it, boyo,
and I got to pay for it,
which is why,
as my two newest employees,
you got to start producing.
- You think we're not producing?
- I know you're not producing.
I wake up this morning, look at
the feed from these two cameras,
what do I see?
Empty fucking chair.
- Business is better for us
in the afternoons.
- Yeah, but I need
paying customers
rolling through that door
all day long.
You got to start advertising.
Create some kind of
online presence,
increase your visibility.
You see my spot?
- We just have never
done that before.
-Well, it's a new day, you know.
I don't care what
Fonso did before.
I'm a hands-on
kind of businessman.
- You want us to earn,
we're no good to you dead.
-No, that's right.
I'm the only thing standing
between you
and a disemboweling
from that nut bar.
- You take care of us,
we'll take care of you.
-[ Sighs ]
You're protected.
But let's be very clear
about our relationship here.
You ever steal from me
or short me on a payment
or run a con behind my back,
or even think about laying
a finger on me personally,
you'll wish you were dead.
[ Door opens, closes ]
-I feel so ridiculous.
I don't remember any of this.
-And yet, there you are.
-There I am.
-You got hustled, Mrs. Davies.
I'm betting most
of yesterday is a blur.
-It is.
- You ever hear of
a drug called scopolamine?
-No.
- It robs a victim of
their free will,
messes with their memory.
What's the last thing
you remember?
-Someone was at my front door.
Her.
- You recognize this woman?
Have you seen her before?
-Yes.
Her name is, um,
Gina... something.
She works with this couple,
a psychic and his wife.
- These people have a name?
- The Haverfords.
Charlie and Linda Haverford.
-Thank you.
- So, we're lying
to the school now?
I was at the dentist last week.
- Yeah, I didn't think
that dress shopping would count
as an excused absence.
-I already have a dress.
- You know you need three
for a Roma wedding.
-Are you coming?
-Nope.
It's just gonna
be you and Simza.
-Dad, I fucking hate her.
-[ Sighs ]
Listen.
She's gonna be
your sakra, all right?
I'm trying to make
this easier for you.
-How?
- Well, she wanted
to take you all day.
I said no.
- How noble.
- Listen, just go to
the store with her,
help her find a dress
that represents her family,
and get it over with.
- Just let her pick.
I don't need to be there.
- Drina, please, Jesus,
if your mother was here,
she'd be doing all this.
But she's not.
She's not.
And I can't.
-Mr. Marks!
Hi.
Dr. Shields, Gina's
English comp teacher.
- Yeah, how you doing?
- Great.
I'm just sorry we won't get
to hear Drina read
her poem on Saturday.
-I didn't even tell them.
- Drina, you don't have
to be embarrassed.
Your daughter is
a beautiful writer.
We had her slotted to read
in a prime-time spot
at ArtsFest this weekend.
You sure you can't make it?
-She has a prior obligation.
-It's kind of a big deal.
Schools from all over the state.
-Yeah, it's a family matter.
Unavoidable.
- All right.
Maybe next year.
-Wouldn't miss it for the world.
-Detective.
Talk to me about Emma Gilbert.
Tox report says
she died of an overdose.
Scopolamine, right?
- Yeah, why?
Bank robbery yesterday.
Older woman's the victim,
doesn't remember a thing.
Girl on the tape works with
our friends the Haverfords.
- Well, I was just about
to pay them a visit.
- What for?
- Coroner called.
Rape kit came back positive.
Semen in the vagina.
I need a swab from that kid.
- [ Scoffs ]
Good luck with that.
- As a friendly gesture,
why don't you come with me?
Jackson's out sick.
I'll show you how Julie does it.
-[ Groans ]
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
Yeah?
- Hi.
I left you like four messages.
Are you okay?
-Yeah, fine, just a little sick.
What do you need?
-Your son, you said...
You said that he was in trouble.
- It wasn't him.
He's fine.
It's something else.
-What was it?
[ Baby crying ]
Hello?
[ Monitor beeping ]
Charlie, can you hear me?
Hello?
-Yeah, sorry.
I think you might be pregnant.
-[ Laughs ]
Hello?
[ Doorbell ringing ]
-Charlie, the door.
-Good afternoon.
We'd like a swab
of your son's DNA.
- Why?
- Semen inside Emma Gilbert.
Young lady last seen
alive in this house.
I'm sure you're down
with the basic biology.
Semen inside the victim means
she had sex with someone
before she died.
-Nick's not here.
- And even if he was,
you're not talking to him.
- This goes a lot easier
if you cooperate.
-You already ambushed him once.
- Guess a friendly gesture
doesn't go as far as it used to.
♫♫
[ Vehicle approaching ]
[ Car doors close ]
- Life, most of life,
is about choices...
Good and bad, right and wrong.
-Okay.
- Sometimes bad people
make good choices.
Sometimes good people
make bad choices.
-Did you and Emma have sex?
- We need to know exactly
what happened
between you and that girl.
-I don't want to talk about it.
- Son, the police
came here this morning.
They found semen inside of Emma,
and they want to take
a sample of your DNA
to see if there was a match.
You need to tell us.
-Is there gonna be a match?
-[ Inhales shakily ]
We just did the one thing.
She wanted to.
We had sex.
Kind of.
It was weird and sloppy,
and there were people
in the house.
I don't want to talk about this.
- You have to, son.
-It was her idea!
She said we could hook up
if I wanted to, so we did.
Then she said I had to go
and get some morning after pill,
and that's what was in the bag
you were teasing me about.
I would never hurt her, I swear.
- I know. I know that, son.
- Honey, you're gonna have
to tell this to a lawyer.
- A lawyer?
I didn't do anything.
- Nick, everything is
gonna be all right.
We're gonna work through this.
-All I did was like a girl!
[ Doorbell rings ]
- You were supposed to
be here this morning.
- You think I should have
hopped to faster?
- No, my son is here.
We have to work around him.
Where are your guys?
.srt Extracted, Resynced by
Dan4Jem, XII.MMXVI
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org